[MOD-6057] Improve and elaborate `FT.PROFILE` documentation (#2532)
redis/docs: content/commands/ft.profile.md

| `Total`&nbsp;`profile`&nbsp;`time`     | The total run time (ms) of the query. Normally just a few ms. |
| `Parsing`&nbsp;`time`           | The time (ms) spent parsing the query and its parameters into a query plan. Normally just a few ms. |
| `Pipeline`&nbsp;`creation`&nbsp;`time` | The creation time (ms) of the execution plan, including iterators, result processors, and reducers creation. Normally just a few ms for `FT.SEARCH` queries, but expect a larger number for `FT.AGGREGATE` queries. |

> | `Total`&nbsp;`GIL`&nbsp;`time`     | The total time (ms) the query held the Global Interpreter Lock (GIL) during execution. Relevant for multi-threaded deployments where queries run in background threads. |

Reviewer: @lerman25, Evntually, do we expect this field to exist in case of non multithreaded deployment? If so, what should be the value?

Reviewer 2: No, if we don't have workers - this field doesn't print  (starting from https://github.com/RediSearch/RediSearch/pull/7756)

> | `Total`&nbsp;`GIL`&nbsp;`time`     | The total time (ms) the query held the Global Interpreter Lock (GIL) during execution. Relevant for multi-threaded deployments where queries run in background threads. |

Reviewer: Let's refer it as the Global *Redis* Lock, and explain when we are expected to hold it (upon LOADing non sortable fields). Also, does it include the time we are waiting for the GIL, or only the time we are actually holding it?

Author: @lerman25 ?

> | `Total`&nbsp;`GIL`&nbsp;`time`     | The total time (ms) the query held the Global Interpreter Lock (GIL) during execution. Relevant for multi-threaded deployments where queries run in background threads. |

Author: ```
| `Total`&nbsp;`GIL`&nbsp;`time` | In multi-threaded deployments, the total time (ms) the query spent holding and waiting for the Redis Global Lock (referred to as GIL) during execution. Note: this value is only valid in the shards profile section. |
```
?

> | `Total`&nbsp;`GIL`&nbsp;`time`     | The total time (ms) the query held the Global Interpreter Lock (GIL) during execution. Relevant for multi-threaded deployments where queries run in background threads. |

Reviewer 2: WDYT about emphasizing that's invalid any other place?

 | `Total`&nbsp;`GIL`&nbsp;`time` | In multi-threaded deployments, the total time (ms) the query spent holding and waiting for the Redis Global Lock (referred to as GIL) during execution. Note: this value is only valid in the shards profile section; **invalid elsewhere**.. |

| `Scorer`          | The `Scorer` processor assigns a relevance score to each document based on the query’s specified scoring function. This function could involve factors like term frequency, inverse document frequency, or other weighted metrics. |
| `Sorter`          | The `Sorter` processor arranges the query results based on a specified sorting criterion. This could be a field value (e.g., sorting by price, date, or another attribute) or by the score assigned during the scoring phase. It operates after documents are fetched and scored, ensuring the results are ordered as required by the query (e.g., ascending or descending order). `Scorer` results will always be present in `FT.SEARCH` profiles. |
| `Loader`          | The `Loader` processor retrieves the document contents after the results have been sorted and filtered. It ensures that only the fields specified by the query are loaded, which improves efficiency, especially when dealing with large documents where only a few fields are needed. |

> | `Threadsafe-Loader` | The `Threadsafe-Loader` processor safely loads document contents when the query is running in a background thread. It acquires the GIL to access document data. Reports an additional `GIL-Time` field showing how long (ms) it held the GIL. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `Threadsafe-Loader` | The `Threadsafe-Loader` processor safely loads document contents when the query is running in a background thread. It acquires the GIL to access document data. Reports an additional `GIL-Time` field representing both GIL hold time and time spent waiting to obtain the GIL.|
```

Author: ```
| `Threadsafe-Loader` | The `Threadsafe-Loader` processor safely loads document contents when the query runs in a background thread (relevant for multi-threaded deployments). It acquires the Redis Global Lock (referred to as GIL) to access document data. Reports an additional `GIL-Time` field representing the time (ms) spent holding the GIL and waiting to acquire it. |
```
?
